README.md, before:

# 2023-Internships

This repository is maintained and updated by [Waterloo's Computer Science Club :computer:](https://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/)  

The information contained below includes links and resources on various computer science and software engineering related internships for the 2023 job search term :man_technologist: :woman_technologist: (Winter '23, Spring '23 & Fall '23)

Feel free to add your contribution to this repository by creating a pull request :octocat: or filling out [this form  :memo:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf7yojz5K7hE6PFDrF7SVevRuYp7hPdzRMl23WrPzLUQDDURw/viewform)

We hope you find the information contained below useful and good luck on your co-ops 🥳

## Postings
| Company Name | Position | Location | Valid Terms | Notes |
|--------------|----------|----------|-------------|-------|
| [Google](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/97935383573996230-software-engineering-intern-bs-summer-2023/) | SWE | Multiple locations | S23 | Posting is for US pool |
| [Khan Academy](https://boards.greenhouse.io/khanacademy/jobs/4586206) | SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | Remote Friendly |
| [DoorDash](https://boards.greenhouse.io/doordash/jobs/4560283?gh_jid=4560283&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Autodesk](https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Ext/job/AMER---Canada---Quebec---Montreal---10-Rue-Duke/Intern--Software-Engineer--Winter-2023-_22WD63830-2) | SWE | Toronto, ON or Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Amazon](https://www.amazon.jobs/en/jobs/2114265/software-development-engineer-intern-2023-canada?dclid=CI3ekueIyPoCFctL1Qod0rkIew&iis=Job+Posting&iisn=Indeed+%28Free+Posting%29&mode=job&utm_campaign=all_amazon&utm_content=organic&utm_medium=job_aggregator&utm_source=indeed.com) | SWE | Vancouver, BC | W23, S23, F23 | |
| [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/jobs/listing/4380645?etd=LAFFER2UEHPRBMRQMBLKPPNZWXWPSGKUW5VCCN4UCV4HYFMMMYMFF5YFNVFWW4JM7YCJ3HLEFWVNDBXGJFD7S2TJAU5SU6AHIDIKWZB4IPCE2BWUZO6EQTCBISLFPR426EWUSF6IAOCGS%3d%3d%3d&piq_uuid=ba8fabc5-8e3b-4b70-9fd0-d3a54c78949e&clickuid=46428153212&pl_publisherid={%22ittk%22:%22ETI21OOTSV%22}&gh_src=e28a2e5d1us) | SWE | Remote USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Roblox](https://jobs.roblox.com/careers/job?pid=137451585492&recommended=1)| SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [IBM](https://careers.ibm.com/job/16864512/software-developer-intern-winter-4-months-toronto-ca/?codes=IBM_CareerWebSite) | SWE | Toronto, ON | W23 | |
|[Rogers Communications](https://jobs.rogers.com/job/Montreal-Winter-2023-Co-op-Software-Developer-QC/944332800/?feedId=24800&utm_source=Indeed&utm_campaign=Rogers_OrganicFeeds&jobPipeline=Indeed) | SWE | Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Splunk](https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/splunk/job/oYc5kfwj?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed) | Backend SWE | Vancouver, BC | W23 | |
| [Intact](https://careers.intactfc.com/ca/en/job/IFCOUSR130403INTACTINSURANCEENCA/AI-Backend-Developer-4-Month-Co-op-Internship-Winter-2023?utm_source=indeed&utm_medium=phenom-feeds)|AI Backend Developer | Montreal, QC | W23 ||
| [Okta](https://www.okta.com/company/careers/software-engineer-intern-ios-summer-2023-4557367/?gh_src=7j0um41)| IOS SWE | USA or Canada | S23 ||
| [Okta](https://www.okta.com/company/careers/software-engineer-intern-summer-2023-4554030/?gh_src=7j0um41)| SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/e93c5366/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Android SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/55eaa246/?from_page=company_branded_page) | IOS SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/b16b1136/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Backend SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/7fc0158a/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Web SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Axon](https://boards.greenhouse.io/axon/jobs/5354203003?gh_src=cdbb51d93us&source=LinkedIn) | Embedded SWE | Remote US or Canada | S23 | |
| [Google](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/112578365900104390-step-intern-summer-2023/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google_jobs_apply)| STEP Intern | Waterloo ON, Montreal QC, Toronto ON | S23 | Must be 1st or 2nd year |
| [Electronic Arts](https://ea.gr8people.com/jobs/175722/c-engineer-intern-summer-2023?geo_location=ChIJs0-pQ_FzhlQRi_OBm-qWkbs)| C++ Engineer | Vancouver, BC | S23 | Remote work option available |
|[Coveo](https://www.coveo.com/en/company/careers/open-positions/internships/backend-developer-intern-winter-2023/6402786002) | Backend Developer | Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Patreon](https://boards.greenhouse.io/patreon/jobs/4606412)| SWE | New York, NY or San Francisco, CA | S23 | |
| [Nasdaq](https://nasdaq.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/US_External_Career_Site/job/Software-Engineer-ing-Intern---US---Canada-2023-Internship_R0011592)| SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/jobs/listing/4559296?gh_src=aonhf1) | Data Science | Remote USA or Canada | S23 || 
| [Interac](https://interac.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Interac/job/Toronto/Software-Developer-Intern_REQ-468) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Interac](https://interac.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Interac/job/Toronto/Data-Science-Intern_REQ-471-1) | Data Science | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Microsoft](https://careers.microsoft.com/students/us/en/job/1368428/Software-Engineering-Intern-Opportunities-for-University-Students-Canada) | SWE | Vancouver, BC | S23 ||
| [Unity](https://careers.unity.com/position/2023-software-engineer-summer-internship/4616966?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | 
| [Vector Institute](https://talenthub.vectorinstitute.ai/jobs/156114087-applied-machine-learning-intern-at-vector-institute?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | Applied ML | Toronto, ON | W23 | |
| [Ribbit](https://flyribbit.applytojobs.ca/engineering/14771?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | Robotics | Toronto, ON | W23 | | 
| [Nvidia](https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/UniversityJobs/1/refreshFacet/318c8bb6f553100021d223d9780d30be)| Multiple Positions | Canada or USA | S23 | 
| [Palantir](https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/?commitment=Internship) | SWE | London, New York, Palo Alto, Washington | S23 | 2024 Grad | 
| [Zendesk](https://jobs.zendesk.com/us/en/job/R22858/2023-Summer-Intern-Software-Engineering) | SWE | Remote QC | S23 | |
| [Brex](https://www.brex.com/careers/6369124002) | SWE | Remote | S23 | 2024 Grad |


## Job Search Resources
| Link | Notes |
|------|-------|
| [levels.fyi](https://www.levels.fyi/internships/) | General list of internships with salary and housing notes. |
| [S23 Internships](https://github.com/pittcsc/Summer2023-Internships) | Externally sourced list of internships for Summer 2023 term |
| [cscareers.dev](https://www.cscareers.dev/) | Tech community that releases internships, provides process tracking on applications (Discord link found at the bottom) |
| [S23 Canada Internships](https://github.com/jenndryden/Canadian-Tech-Internships-Summer-2023) | Externally sourced list of Canadian internships for Summer 2023 term | 
| [Work at a startup](https://www.workatastartup.com/internships) | Various startup internship postings |

### Contributors

Commit message:

add reminder to put posting by alphabetical order

README.md, after:

# 2023-Internships

This repository is maintained and updated by [Waterloo's Computer Science Club :computer:](https://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/)  

The information contained below includes links and resources on various computer science and software engineering related internships for the 2023 job search term :man_technologist: :woman_technologist: (Winter '23, Spring '23 & Fall '23)

Feel free to add your contribution to this repository by creating a pull request :octocat: or filling out [this form  :memo:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf7yojz5K7hE6PFDrF7SVevRuYp7hPdzRMl23WrPzLUQDDURw/viewform). 

Please add postings in alphabetical order by company name!

We hope you find the information contained below useful and good luck on your co-ops 🥳

## Postings
| Company Name | Position | Location | Valid Terms | Notes |
|--------------|----------|----------|-------------|-------|
| [Google](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/97935383573996230-software-engineering-intern-bs-summer-2023/) | SWE | Multiple locations | S23 | Posting is for US pool |
| [Khan Academy](https://boards.greenhouse.io/khanacademy/jobs/4586206) | SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | Remote Friendly |
| [DoorDash](https://boards.greenhouse.io/doordash/jobs/4560283?gh_jid=4560283&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Autodesk](https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Ext/job/AMER---Canada---Quebec---Montreal---10-Rue-Duke/Intern--Software-Engineer--Winter-2023-_22WD63830-2) | SWE | Toronto, ON or Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Amazon](https://www.amazon.jobs/en/jobs/2114265/software-development-engineer-intern-2023-canada?dclid=CI3ekueIyPoCFctL1Qod0rkIew&iis=Job+Posting&iisn=Indeed+%28Free+Posting%29&mode=job&utm_campaign=all_amazon&utm_content=organic&utm_medium=job_aggregator&utm_source=indeed.com) | SWE | Vancouver, BC | W23, S23, F23 | |
| [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/jobs/listing/4380645?etd=LAFFER2UEHPRBMRQMBLKPPNZWXWPSGKUW5VCCN4UCV4HYFMMMYMFF5YFNVFWW4JM7YCJ3HLEFWVNDBXGJFD7S2TJAU5SU6AHIDIKWZB4IPCE2BWUZO6EQTCBISLFPR426EWUSF6IAOCGS%3d%3d%3d&piq_uuid=ba8fabc5-8e3b-4b70-9fd0-d3a54c78949e&clickuid=46428153212&pl_publisherid={%22ittk%22:%22ETI21OOTSV%22}&gh_src=e28a2e5d1us) | SWE | Remote USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Roblox](https://jobs.roblox.com/careers/job?pid=137451585492&recommended=1)| SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [IBM](https://careers.ibm.com/job/16864512/software-developer-intern-winter-4-months-toronto-ca/?codes=IBM_CareerWebSite) | SWE | Toronto, ON | W23 | |
|[Rogers Communications](https://jobs.rogers.com/job/Montreal-Winter-2023-Co-op-Software-Developer-QC/944332800/?feedId=24800&utm_source=Indeed&utm_campaign=Rogers_OrganicFeeds&jobPipeline=Indeed) | SWE | Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Splunk](https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/splunk/job/oYc5kfwj?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=Indeed) | Backend SWE | Vancouver, BC | W23 | |
| [Intact](https://careers.intactfc.com/ca/en/job/IFCOUSR130403INTACTINSURANCEENCA/AI-Backend-Developer-4-Month-Co-op-Internship-Winter-2023?utm_source=indeed&utm_medium=phenom-feeds)|AI Backend Developer | Montreal, QC | W23 ||
| [Okta](https://www.okta.com/company/careers/software-engineer-intern-ios-summer-2023-4557367/?gh_src=7j0um41)| IOS SWE | USA or Canada | S23 ||
| [Okta](https://www.okta.com/company/careers/software-engineer-intern-summer-2023-4554030/?gh_src=7j0um41)| SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/e93c5366/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Android SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/55eaa246/?from_page=company_branded_page) | IOS SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/b16b1136/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Backend SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Robinhood](https://app.ripplematch.com/job/robinhood/7fc0158a/?from_page=company_branded_page) | Web SWE | USA | S23 | |
| [Axon](https://boards.greenhouse.io/axon/jobs/5354203003?gh_src=cdbb51d93us&source=LinkedIn) | Embedded SWE | Remote US or Canada | S23 | |
| [Google](https://careers.google.com/jobs/results/112578365900104390-step-intern-summer-2023/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google_jobs_apply)| STEP Intern | Waterloo ON, Montreal QC, Toronto ON | S23 | Must be 1st or 2nd year |
| [Electronic Arts](https://ea.gr8people.com/jobs/175722/c-engineer-intern-summer-2023?geo_location=ChIJs0-pQ_FzhlQRi_OBm-qWkbs)| C++ Engineer | Vancouver, BC | S23 | Remote work option available |
|[Coveo](https://www.coveo.com/en/company/careers/open-positions/internships/backend-developer-intern-winter-2023/6402786002) | Backend Developer | Montreal, QC | W23 | |
| [Patreon](https://boards.greenhouse.io/patreon/jobs/4606412)| SWE | New York, NY or San Francisco, CA | S23 | |
| [Nasdaq](https://nasdaq.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/US_External_Career_Site/job/Software-Engineer-ing-Intern---US---Canada-2023-Internship_R0011592)| SWE | USA or Canada | S23 | |
| [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/jobs/listing/4559296?gh_src=aonhf1) | Data Science | Remote USA or Canada | S23 || 
| [Interac](https://interac.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Interac/job/Toronto/Software-Developer-Intern_REQ-468) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Interac](https://interac.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Interac/job/Toronto/Data-Science-Intern_REQ-471-1) | Data Science | Toronto, ON | S23 | |
| [Microsoft](https://careers.microsoft.com/students/us/en/job/1368428/Software-Engineering-Intern-Opportunities-for-University-Students-Canada) | SWE | Vancouver, BC | S23 ||
| [Unity](https://careers.unity.com/position/2023-software-engineer-summer-internship/4616966?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | SWE | Toronto, ON | S23 | 
| [Vector Institute](https://talenthub.vectorinstitute.ai/jobs/156114087-applied-machine-learning-intern-at-vector-institute?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | Applied ML | Toronto, ON | W23 | |
| [Ribbit](https://flyribbit.applytojobs.ca/engineering/14771?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic) | Robotics | Toronto, ON | W23 | | 
| [Nvidia](https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/UniversityJobs/1/refreshFacet/318c8bb6f553100021d223d9780d30be)| Multiple Positions | Canada or USA | S23 | 
| [Palantir](https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/?commitment=Internship) | SWE | London, New York, Palo Alto, Washington | S23 | 2024 Grad | 
| [Zendesk](https://jobs.zendesk.com/us/en/job/R22858/2023-Summer-Intern-Software-Engineering) | SWE | Remote QC | S23 | |
| [Brex](https://www.brex.com/careers/6369124002) | SWE | Remote | S23 | 2024 Grad |


## Job Search Resources
| Link | Notes |
|------|-------|
| [levels.fyi](https://www.levels.fyi/internships/) | General list of internships with salary and housing notes. |
| [S23 Internships](https://github.com/pittcsc/Summer2023-Internships) | Externally sourced list of internships for Summer 2023 term |
| [cscareers.dev](https://www.cscareers.dev/) | Tech community that releases internships, provides process tracking on applications (Discord link found at the bottom) |
| [S23 Canada Internships](https://github.com/jenndryden/Canadian-Tech-Internships-Summer-2023) | Externally sourced list of Canadian internships for Summer 2023 term | 
| [Work at a startup](https://www.workatastartup.com/internships) | Various startup internship postings |

### Contributors
